#CloudFlare Apps

CloudFlare's Apps platform enables developers to create and publish Javascript
applications for use by website owners on CloudFlare's network. CloudFlare apps
are desribed with a cloudflare.json file, and are deployed using the CommonJS-compatible
module loader [cloudflare.js](js.cloudflare.com)

#Building an App

To build an app, clone this repository, and use it as a template to create your Javascript,
app description, and app configuration. When you are done, go to the CloudFlare [App Signup Page](https://cloudflare.com/app-signup)
and submit a description of your app along with a git:// url for the repository.
We will evaluate your app and let you know whether it meets the requirements of the platform.

##cloudflare.json

The cloudflare.json file contains the packaging information for your application. It includes a path to your
main JavaScript file, the definition for your configuration interface, and the location and nature of your
non-JS assets.

##cloudflare.md

Your app detail page is generated by your cloudflare.md file (see [the dnschanger_detector app detail page](https://cloudflare.com/apps/dnschanger_detector))
and [the dnschanger_detector cloudflare.md](https://github.com/cloudflare/dnschanger_detector/blob/master/cloudflare.md).

##testing

CloudFlare does not require you to provide any tests. This repository contains a sample suite
in case you are interested in one way to build tests for cloudflare.js modules.

To run the sample suite, boot up a webserver with the root of this repository as the document root, and open test/suite.html.

##modules of interest.

CloudFlare has a set of modules that you can use when writing apps

###cloudflare/dom

A dom manipulation library similar to browser methods, but more generic

###cloudflare/path

Tools for parsing where the page is

###cloudflare/loader

An AJAX wrapper that behaves similarly to jquery.ajax

###cloudflare/config

General information about the site your module is running on

##Interface

You can specify an interface in your cloudflare.json for site owners to use to
configure your application. The results of that configuration are available in
"your_app/config"
